your self  & normal questions


1 What is the difference between the QA and software testing?

The role of QA (Quality Assurance) is to monitor the quality of the “process” used to produce the software. While the software testing, 
is the process of ensuring the functionality of final product meets the user’s requirement.

2 What is the difference between build and release?
  Build: It is a number given to Installable software that is given to the testing team by the development team.

Release: It is a number given to Installable software that is handed over to the customer by the tester or developer.

3 how many types of testing 
4 Mention the different types of software testing?
Unit testing
Integration testing and regression testing
Shakeout testing
Smoke testing
Functional testing
Performance testing
White box and Black box testing
Alpha and Beta testing
Load testing and stress testing
System testing

5 .What is Test case?
Test case is a specific condition to check against the Application Under Test. 
It has information of test steps, prerequisites, test environment, and outputs.

6 What are the tools used by a tester while testing?
Selenium
Firebug
OpenSTA
WinSCP
YSlow for FireBug
Web Developer toolbar for firebox

7 what is bug 
A bug is any kind of error, mistake or failure in software code that prevent the software function from executing properly. 

8  What is the difference between Quality Assurance, Quality Control, and Quality Testing?
9 What is a Use case?
Use cases describe the cause and effect of a function. It makes sure that the user action and the system response are talking to each other properly. 


10  what is the Role of the  QA Engineer

11 Why is MySQL so popular? 
   First of all, MySQL is open-source. Second, it is widely adopted, 
     so a lot of code is already available. Even entire developed systems are there that can be referred to for the upcoming projects. MySQL has relational databases; hence it makes it have methodical storage rather than a big dump of unorganized mess. 
    And finally, as said earlier, MySQL is quick and robust. 


12  What is a foreign key
13 What is MySQL workbench?
14 What is CHAR and VARCHAR in MySQL?
15 What do you mean by ‘databases’?
16 How do you create a database in MySQL?
17 How do you remove a column from a database?
18 How to Delete Data From a MySQL Table?
19  What is BLOB in MySQL?
20 what is primary key in mysql 

21  What is the difference between MySQL and SQL?

22 How to change the MySQL password?
 ALTER USER 'root'@'localhost' IDENTIFIED BY 'NewPassword'
 
 There are six separate kinds of manual QA testing: 

Smoke  
Functional  
Integration  
Regression 
Exploratory 
User Acceptance 
 
